# merl
**merl** is a Minecraft resource pack that implements textures from the Minecraft trailers leaked by [Merl](https://minecraft.wiki/w/Minecraft_Support_Virtual_Agent).

All textures in this resource pack are generated from the leaked [texture atlas](https://minecraft.wiki/images/WorkshopTextureAtlas.png) using a Python script.
- The atlas only includes textures for blocks and block entities from version 1.21.8.
- Block animations are not included in the atlas.

Some textures are identical to the vanilla textures, but they are still generated.

Running the script generates the `NotUsedAtlas.png` file.
It shows all textures that are not used by the script.

## Installation
To generate the textures, you need to install [Python](https://www.python.org/downloads).
1. Clone or download this repository.
2. Run the Python script:
```
cd merl
python script.py
```

## Missing textures
Most block entities are missing some textures, as they are not present in the atlas:
- Bed
    - Only the red bed texture is included.
    - The inner leg textures are missing.
- End Portal
    - Only one part of the texture is included.
    - The rest is generated by duplicating the existing part.
- Ender Chest
    - The inside and bottom textures are missing.
- Single Chest
    - The inside and bottom textures are missing.
    - They are generated by duplicating the top texture.
- Conduit
    - Two side textures are missing.
    - They are generated by duplicating the existing side textures.
- Shulker Box
    - Inside textures are missing.
    - They are generated using a color sampled from the top side.

### Textures not implemented yet:
- Double chest
